hey what's up youtube california
collectibles here check it out this is a
part of my black friday haul i went to
my local comic book store beach ball
comics it's really close to my house so
i decided to pick a couple things up and
everything in their store was thirty
percent off today and some of the clock
books were a dollar each and i decided
to pick up these four vinyl figure Ninja
Turtle banks I thought they're really
cool the quality on the nunchucks are
really nice you got real chain going on
over there
Leonardo's pose is really cool dual
swords
Raphael with his um crack shell and
Donald tell it with this super extended
staff is Bo stuff looks like you have
some red eyes over here cuz I'll crack
doubt or something alright guys let me
show you guys the rest of the haul okay
so we have one more bag over here of
goodies and I have a large box you guys
could see the name on there already but
we'll go ahead and crack this open and
see what she looks like out of the box I
don't think I'm gonna put her together
if she's already put together I'll open
up the box and just take a look at her
and I'm gonna put her right back in
there because I don't have a place to
display her just yet so let's start with
this bag they had a funcle' sale all
Funko pops for six dollars each
I got Dark Phoenix I'm gonna start
picking up all the x-men because I know
the next wave of Funko pops they're
gonna be the next Marvel wave of Funko
pops are going to be the main x-men
characters like Professor X Cyclops
watch all of their owns still need to
get beast really cool and I was I was
first in line actually right when the
store opened at 8 o'clock I got there
maybe like a 7
to surprise no one was waiting in line
before me here we go
I need it to be first in line because I
noticed a couple days before that they
only had one of each of these statues
and I really wanted this statue for 30%
off so here we go I got Starfire DC
statue over here put a book here
bishoujo see right there beautiful
statue nicely designed I'll probably
open this in a bit but I do want to do a
formal review on the statue and then
seem to be released we have that woman
and I think she has a removable face or
you could have her actually she might
have a remove removable head because I
know she has short hair version and then
she has the masked long hair version so
this is a beautiful statue take a look
at that okay
and I got another bishoujo statue so
Freddy Krueger cosplay it's like one of
the cosplayers at a convention she's
gorgeous beautiful beautiful statue
really happy to get this I saw this at
the last convention that I was at I knew
I had to get it I really want um Jason
right there Jason Voorhees that statue
looks really nice I need to get my hands
on that one too alright and off to this
one this is a Sideshow Collectibles I'm
gonna pause this real quick and open
this up even once okay first off here is
art on the box beautiful Gwen Stacy
and spider-man symbol with the Campbell
signature okay so here we go we have
Stacey get a better lighting without her
falling off put your shoes she has her
eyes closed
nice trenchcoat
nice outfit tall boots on I don't know
what that is I think that's probably I
don't know what that it's probably part
of this material
here's her umbrella
Spidey umbrellas really nice so here it
is and this is her base with rain
droplets hitting it so I got a really
good price on this usually this it this
goes for 260 999 plus tax plus shipping
so altogether you're spending like 280
300 plus I got this statue 30 percent
off their price so I ended up paying 180
close to 190 so it's really really good
buy that she's the cheapest I've ever
seen this online with free shipping was
260 bucks or 240 bucks but to get it for
180 190 it's really really good
beautiful quality statue Jessica
Campbell the translation to Jay Scott
Campbell's work is is perfect I have the
other two statues I have the other two
statues up here we have Mary Jane and
spider-man I do want the black suit
spider-man here's like a black a darker
suit instead of blue he has black on but
I'm not gonna try to buy that statue
again now that statue is a lot it's
about like 400 plus dollars here are my
other statues and just for a quick
update this is my Disney infinity wall
with my art dream Prince Disney infinity
wall some of these figures are
there I'm actually playing the game so
check it all check it all out
alright guys thanks for watching feel
free to like comment subscribe I'll see
you guys next time
let me know what you guys got for Black
Friday if anyone got anything good any
really good deals I didn't get any key
issues so that's probably what I'm
locking this Black Friday a lot of
people know what they want and know what
the prices are going for key issues I
didn't get anything like that but I did
come up on some awesome statues I'm
really happy to get these alright thanks
for watching guys peace